I just started overhead pressing for the
first time ever 95 lbs is my PR but I
have a feeling I'm going to be pring
today get your head through as fast as
you possibly can so that was my 95 lb PR
how heavy do you think I could go I
would say probably about 105 110 let's
give it a
try nice head through head through head
through you got it you got it you got it
you got it head
through go get it head oh so close
oh head
through through try it again got
it nope with the fatigue accumulated I
think that if he was fresh he would have
definitely hit that how long do you
think it'll take for me to get 135 I
would say that if you get this with high
frequency you could probably get there
within like 3ish months stay flexy what